I was born in Akureyri 1978. Growing up Star Wars was my jam. The cartoon series He-Man
were also popular. I never related and frankly looked down on those he-man fans. 

As I grew older I became ever more serious about music. I joined the music school in 
Akureyri studying guitar. I was very busy with music all through my junior college years 
in Menntaskóli Akureyrar, playing in several bands, running the school’s music 
appreciation society, playing in amateur theaters and at one point even running the schools 
radio station. I was nearly a burn out by the time I somehow finished school. 

After ’menntaskóli’ I moved to Reykjavík. I got into the FÍH school of music studying jazz 
guitar. After a seminar in Stockholm I did apply for an exchange year there. There I met a 
Swiss girl and moved to Switzerland with her after the exchange year was over. I decided to 
go back to Iceland to finish school as I only had a few courses left. She became pregnant so 
I moved back to Switzerland and got a job teaching guitar and working at a home for people 
with Downs syndrome. It was run by the jewish community in Zurich and all the residents came 
from orthodox or liberal orthodox families.

Me and my girlfriend broke up and I moved back to Iceland. I have throughout the years kept 
close contact with my daughter and have travelled frequently to Switzerland. I speak less and 
less German to her and more English. But my Switzerdeutsch is still there. 

After me repatriation I was very busy playing and teaching guitar. I was very lucky to play 
with amazing people like Benni Hemm Hemm, Ólöf Arnalds, Flís and Bogomil font along with my 
friends from FÍH. I was offered to do a tour of the US and Europe with Múm and have been playing 
with them ever since, appart from a short break I took to finish university. Obviously I am 
less busy than I used to be 10-15 years ago but I still play every now and then.

In the meantime I got into electronics and had started building my own guitar pedals from scratch. 
I wanted to learn more so I enrolled in the electric engineering program at the University of 
Iceland. I quickly realised that the Computer Science program was more up my alley so I switched 
as I really liked the courses that overlapped with that department. So that is how I accidentally 
ended up in my current profession. 

I currently live in Vesturbær Reykjavíkur, I have a 6 year old son and my daughter is 17. 
